README.md, before:

# Housing

### Meeting of Campaign Lab on Tuesday 16 October 2018
We discussed a series of ideas that could be interesting to explore further in the housing domain, including the following:
- That Labor did better in cities than in towns in the last election
- That Labor did better with younger, university-educated voters in the last election
- Traditionally, Labor does better in areas with more social housing
- That young people are decreasingly in a position to buy a house (much later than their parents tended to be)
- That younger people are buying houses outside metropolitan areas where prices are lower, rather than being able to stay in the area where they grew up
- That the ratio of income to house prices has declined steeply over the last several decades, and the age at which people buy a house has on average gone up
- That policy makers assume that they will lose votes if they increase council taxes, and it would be extremely positive to have data to indicate whether there is a relationship between voting and council tax increases.

Commit message:

Add data list to readme

README.md, after:

# Housing

### Meeting of Campaign Lab on Tuesday 16 October 2018
We discussed a series of ideas that could be interesting to explore further in the housing domain, including the following:
- That Labor did better in cities than in towns in the last election
- That Labor did better with younger, university-educated voters in the last election
- Traditionally, Labor does better in areas with more social housing
- That young people are decreasingly in a position to buy a house (much later than their parents tended to be)
- That younger people are buying houses outside metropolitan areas where prices are lower, rather than being able to stay in the area where they grew up
- That the ratio of income to house prices has declined steeply over the last several decades, and the age at which people buy a house has on average gone up
- That policy makers assume that they will lose votes if they increase council taxes, and it would be extremely positive to have data to indicate whether there is a relationship between voting and council tax increases.

### List of useful data
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1mKbn76h9Loc-oT1T7j42XExAG-BXyZNiQcQq7E3j_8U/edit?usp=sharing

Results: https://candidates.democracyclub.org.uk/help/results

Before 2014: http://www.andrewteale.me.uk/leap/elections-index/

For 2017: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X3HtE6tQLBooNDXYOk3fQwsV-XEIZTnAakMPQgNSR_o/edit#gid=635729702
